5 Real Kids With Superpowers
Hi guys! When you re a kid you always sort
of want to have some super awesome superpower
like invisibility or immortality or maybe
you wanna be capable of throwing flames. Whatever
your favorite superpower may be there are
real kids out there and they have some truly
unbelievable abilities. And while scientists
are trying to figure out how come these kids
are so different let’s take a look at five
real kids with superpowers!
1. Liam Hoekstra
As you know physical abilities of little babies
are very limited. All they do is crying and
making those jerking movements. But not so
long ago a very unusual baby was born in US.
You might say he s a real little Hercules.
After doctors run a few tests, it appeared
that this little guy has an unusual genetic
disorder. It turned out it has to do with
the lack of myostatin function, which results
in the excessive growth of skeletal muscle.
But what s also weird is that with this disorder
you almost don’t get any fatter. You just
stay fit naturally.
When Liam was 5 month he already had an incredible
physic of a real gymnast. At 8 month he did
pull-ups. When he was 3 years old 40 percent
of his body was muscles without any signs
of fat, which is pretty incredible for a boy
of his age. If you think about it Liam is
a very lucky guy because he can eat whatever
he likes. No matter how much fat food contains,
our boy Liam can eat as much as he likes and
he won’t get any fatter!
If this guy wanted to sit on the couch all
day and eating chips and burgers he could
do that without worrying about staying lean
in the middle! That’s impressive! Would
you guys like to be the same as Liam?
2. Ivan Stolkovich – Croatian magnet-boy
that’s what they called him after he managed
to magnetize the 20 kilos dumbbell. He looks
like an ordinary boy. He likes agricultural
machinery and helping parents but his body
creates a very strong magnetic field. Ivan
can magnetize almost any metal object: spoons,
phones, frying pans, anything. All these objects
are moving around Ivan in a way that is most
peculiar. It almost feels like Ivan can be
in a total control of the cutlery if he pleases.
So I guess you don’t want to be near when
he s in a kitchen and he s angry. His parents
say that he also has powerful senses of healing
and what’s more is that he cures and understands
animals. Of course, all parents want to feel
like their children are special but that s
a bit over the top. Did you guys ever tried
to magnetize anything? I think I made a spoon
move a little one time! Press the like button
guys, pause the video and try doing the same,
who knows, maybe you re the one who s got
superpowers!
3. Deepak Jangra
I bet y`all remember Marvel's Electro. The
character was electric and could pass through
insane amounts of electricity. We live in
a very diverse world guys and there is a real
guy, his name`s Deepak Jangra and this dude
can withstand the voltage that exceeds the
lethal rate 22 times! He became aware of his
powers accidentally. One day Deepak`s mom
asked him to fix the socket and while fixing
it Deepak accidently created a short circuit
but somehow nothing at all happened to Deepack,
he was right as rain, he didn’t feel none
of it! Till this day Deepack continues to
experiment with his incredible abilities and
already reached 11 000 volt! And for your
information that s enough to supply a couple
of city blocks! And Deepak seems fine and
he s planning to continue experimenting with
his unusual powers. Lets pray for our man
Deepak one time. I hope he ll be alright.
4. Megamind Elise Tan-Roberts
Albert Einstein is the greatest physicist
that ever was I think we all agree. After
all he s the man who managed to overcome the
stagnation point in physics and he s the guy
with the heist IQ – 160 points. Now check
this out: Elise Tan-Roberts was only 2 years
old when she got pretty close to Einstein
with 156 IQ points. This super girl started
talking when she was only 5 month. When she
was 1.5 year old she already knew all the
capitals. At the age of 2 she joined Mensa
International - the largest and oldest high
IQ society in the world. Elise is 10 now and
she lives an ordinary life pretty much like
all teenagers she likes dancing a lot and
she s still interested in science. Her parents
do everything they can to help their gifted
child develop her talents to the fullest capacity.
5. Nong Youhui is a Chinese boy. But he s
not just any boy, unlike other Chinese people
Nong Youhui`s eyes are not black but blue.
But that’s not all, whats really weird is
that this boy`s eyes are glowing in the dark,
just like cat`s eyes. His parents were very
confused and bothered by this fact and they
decided to check up with doctors. It turned
out that Nong can see in the dark. He can
read books in almost total darkness! And during
the day he sees things just like all ordinary
people. Doctors say that this is because the
boy has a thin layer of cells immediately
behind the retina called tapetum lucidum.
So basically the boy is extra sensitive to
light. Doctors said that sooner or later the
boy`s eyes will become normal but it seems
like it didn’t happened just yet.
Tell me guys which one of these superpowers
would you like to have? Mabe there are other
superpowers you fancy? Anyway that s all for
now folks! If you like this video, share it
with your friends and subscribe if you haven’t
already! Thank you for watching guys!